Understanding Errors lesson: Remove the repeated video from the Assignment section and add an explanatory video to the Additional resources section (#28019)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/understanding_errors.md

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn't required, so consider it supplemental.

> - [MDN JavaScript Errors Reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors)

Author: ```suggestion
- [MDN JavaScript Errors Reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors).
```

> - Read the W3schools article to find additional [window console object methods](https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/obj_console.asp). Additionally, watch Steve Griffith's brief [video explanation on Chrome Dev Tools Console](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqPrpglfE9c)

Reviewer: I think the new AR is nice, good find! It'll be best as its own AR item rather than an extension off the previous. 
Also a small nit to keep consistent with the `devtools` spelling.
Would you mind also adding a `.` to the end of the first AR item as well? Since these two will end with one but the first is missing one.

```suggestion
- Read the W3schools article to find additional [window console object methods](https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/obj_console.asp).
- Additionally, watch Steve Griffith's brief [video explanation on the Chrome devtools Console](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqPrpglfE9c).
```

Author: Sounds good!
